[docs-only] Update _index.md (#7723)
owncloud/ocis: docs/ocis/identity-provider/_index.md

## Overview

> oCIS provides an internal identity provider which can be configured via the [IDP service](../../services/idp/), or connect to an external identity provider like Keycloak (in connection with openLDAP) or Microsoft Active Directory Federation Service (ADFS) (in connection with MS Active Directory). Entrada ID (formerly Azure AD) is in preperation, but not yet documented and might need some small fixes and for certain functions a LDAP/AD connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
oCIS provides out of the box a minimal OpenID Connect provider via the [IDP service](../../services/idp/) and a minimal LDAP service via the [IDM service](../../services/idm/). Both services a limited in the provided functionality, see the [admin documentation](https://doc.owncloud.com/ocis/next/deployment/services/s-list/idp.html) for details, and can be used for small environments like up to a view hundred users. For enterprise environments, it is highly recommended using enterprise grade external software like KeyCloak plus openLDAP or MS ADFS with Active Directory, which can be configured in the respective service. Entrada ID (formerly Azure AD) is in preperation, but not yet released or documented and might need some small fixes, and for certain functions a LDAP/AD connection.
```
Improved wording and aliging to the admin docs.
